(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) I'm pleased to welcome you to my
lecture.
Last year, there was a heat wave.
Geta, geta, geta, geta,
geta-sa!
It came to Okinawa, and the
salt water was burning.
It was the south wind.
It came to Okinawa, and the
salt water was burning.
It was the south wind.
Ah, this year, there was a heat wave.
Geta, geta, geta, geta,
geta-sa!
Ah, the summer of this year has come
It's here, it's here, it's
here, it's here A big wave, a
small wave, a small wave, a
small wave Riding on the
south wind A big butt, a small butt,
a small butt, a small butt In Nag
isa Riding on the south wind In
Nagisa Riding on the south wind
In Nagisa Riding on the south
wind Wake up,
Inspector Tomin!
The fireflies that were burning in the
sky of Atlanta are now quietly trying to
disappear.
We'll see you again in four years
at the next festival.
The Olympics ended in a blink of an
eye.
But there's something missing.
Something missing?
The number of medals?
That's not it.
When you think of the Olympics, there's
always something missing.
The Olympics?
The spring and summer of the Tokyo Olympics
were great, weren't they?
No.
There are things that have a stronger impact.
Ah, the one where a woman puts powder
on her face.
That's a compact.
It's coming out of my throat, but
I can't remember.
Huh?
That's right, it's a cicada.
It has something to do with cicadas.
Cicadas?
The one that's crying right now is
an oil cicada, isn't it?
It's not an oil cicada.
Then, is it Tsukutsuku H
oshi?
Huh?
You're getting close.
Was there anything else?
Ah, the one that cries when it hears
a bell.
Huh?
Is it a stupid cicada that can
't cry when it hears kanji?
That's not it.
Um, it's Higurashi.
Huh?
Higurashi!
I see.
You forgot about him.
That's impossible.
It's the same as the Olympics.
It only happens once every four years.
Has it been four years since then?
What are you talking about?
Other than us, Higurashi is
on duty at this police station.
Huh?
I don't know anyone like that.
Me neither.
It's only recent that you guys started
working here, so how could you not know?
That's right.
I think the last time he was on
duty was four years ago at the Barcelona
Olympics.
So, he's been on duty for four
years?
Higurashi is a man of
few words.
Ever since he joined, he's been on
leave.
He only goes on duty for three days
a month.
Then, it gradually escalated, and now he
only comes here once every four years.
Once every four years?
Yes.
That's why he's called the O
lympic Man.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe there's a man
who's worse than Ryo-chan.
I'm glad I didn't get fired.
Higurashi has a special ability.
A special ability?
You'll see when you bring him here.
What?
I'll pass.
You're the only one who knows H
igurashi.
Hurry up and tell me!
Hurry up!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Oh, yes.
What?
Senpai, I was just going to wake
you up.
Why do you need such heavy equipment?
You'll know when you get there.
Does Higurashi-san live
in the same dorm as you?
I think it was this room.
Senpai, this isn't a storage room.
Idiot, this isn't a storage room.
This is where people live.
Here it is.
It's still rusty.
Nakano, open the door.
Yes.
Huh?
Get out of the way, Nakano!
Hey, Higurashi!
Are you there?
This isn't a place for humans to
live.
I've been left alone for four years
without doing anything.
But it's so dark, I can't
see anything.
Nakano, open the window.
Y-Yes.
Ow, ow, ow!
There's something stuck to my face!
A spider web?
What are you doing?
Are you afraid of spiders?
A swarm of bats...
It's so bright.
Give me my sunglasses.
You're such a troublemaker.
Nakano, lend it to him.
Here you go.
You saved me.
Every time he wakes up, he reacts like
a Dracula.
Is that voice Ryotsu?
That's right.
I came to pick you up.
What?
It's still summer in Heisei
4?
No, I slept a little, so it's
not autumn?
It's been a long time.
This year is Heisei 8.
That's stupid.
Then what happened to the Japanese New
spaper that was in a boom?
That newspaper is long gone.
What?
Then what about the Jimin Newspaper
that was in a boom?
That's true, but a part of it
went out and made a new newspaper.
Then, isn't the prime minister Miyaz
awa?
Miyazawa?
Now that you mention it, it was like
that four years ago.
That's right.
While you were sleeping, Hosokawa-
san, Hada-san, Murayama
-san changed.
Now it's Hashimoto-san.
Has it changed that much?
The governor is also from Aoshima.
You can't beat me.
Anyway, the governor of Osaka is going to
say Yokoyama Knock.
Wow, ping-pong!
You got it well.
Is that true?
Then what happened to Wakahanada
and Takahanada?
Then, Wakahanada and Takahanada
changed their names, and the older brother became
Ozeki, and the younger brother became
Yokozuna.
Has the world changed that much?
It's like Taro Urashima.
Ryo-tsu, who is that
young man?
He's Nakagawa, who's been
the number one in the police station since
this year.
Anyway, don't sleep forever and get up
quickly!
Get up!
Don't make such a loud voice.
It's going to ring in your stomach.
First of all, I'm hungry.
I can't do it.
Please open the door.
This storeroom is broken.
Is the rice ball and bread you bought
when you were sleeping useless?
Yes, it's out of order.
What about the milk?
Of course it's useless.
Oh, it's heavy.
What?
It's cheese.
Lucky.
This is fine.
How about you?
I'm fine.
You're a shy guy.
Then I'll watch TV until I'm
done eating.
It's good to watch while you're
sleeping.
Next, hurry up and open the door.
Ryo-tsu, I'm sorry,
but take me to the bathroom.
Where is the bathroom in this room?
The washing machine is the bathroom?
You take the sheets and pillowcase.
I'll wash it with you.
Yes.
By the way, turn the switch upside
down.
This switch is the best.
It feels good.
It's the best place in the world.
Change into this.
I'm sorry, but please spread it out.
It takes a lot of time.
Are you okay?
Yes.
Anyway, I'm tired.
I might not be able to sleep.
You're sleeping too much.
Is that so?
Oh, this way.
I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
When did you build the stairs here?
It's been here for a long time.
Have you forgotten?
Come to think of it, it looks like
it fell four years ago.
It fell eight years ago and twelve years
ago.
It's a rule, isn't it?
What is it?
Didn't you come by police car?
It's a 15-minute walk.
Let's go.
It's a hassle.
Let's go by my car.
Did you have a car?
It's a new car.
No, I bought it 20 years ago.
I've only been on it twice, so
it's a new car.
Twice in 20 years?
Isn't a taxi better?
It's a hassle to pick it up.
The meter has only run three kilometers yet.
It's scary to go out.
I've never been out of town.
Well, let's go.
Oh, the engine's on.
Well, what's next?
Step on the clutch and put the shift
lever in low.
Oh, that's right.
Well, the clutch is...
Oh!
I can't believe you turned a new
car into a car in three seconds.
That's amazing.
But I'm awake now.
Chief, I brought him.
Oh, thank you.
I'm tired of walking after a long
time.
I'm going to sleep.
He's still the same.
He's still the same as four years
ago.
He's really a busybody.
Hey, wake up, Higurashi.
Yes, yes, I'm awake.
At least say hello to the chief.
Chief, it's been a long time.
You're still the chief of police?
Thank you very much.
This is Terai, who was appointed three
years ago.
Hello, I'm Higurashi.
Nice to meet you.
I'm a fan of Risa Miy
azawa.
I bought a very popular photo album called
Yontafe the other day.
Let's look at it together next time.
Oh, yes.
There's no one else who's going
to talk about such a photo album.
Next is...
I'm back.
Oh, Reiko, let me introduce you.
Oh, this is the rumored...
Bokiboki!
Hello, I'm Higurashi.
People call me Son Higurashi.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Reiko Akimoto.
Yes, Higurashi is fully awake.
Because I'm weak against women.
I feel it.
What's this feeling?
The incident is calling me.
What's going on?
It's time for Higurashi
to show his true colors.
Terai, bring me the unsolved case
file.
Yes, sir.
At first, he was an unknown man.
I saw it.
This man works at a construction site in
Yamagata City in the northeast.
Terai, contact the head office immediately.
Yes, sir.
This is Higurashi, who appeared
in front of the Kameyari
Park.
The second case is a jewelry thief.
The culprit is hiding in a mansion in
Sumida River, called Nakayama.
Yamada of the Intercontinental
Law Enforcement Team is lurking in
an apartment in Fukagawa.
Next, the continuation of the marriage fraud team
is lurking in Asakusa Kam
inarimon.
That's amazing.
It's a surveillance ability.
That's right.
Higurashi solves unsolved cases
like this every time he wakes up.
Next!
Oh, I'm tired and sleepy.
You idiot!
You haven't worked for four years yet!
Reiko, give him a shoulder rub.
What?
Thank you for your hard work.
Mr. Higurashi, you have a
great ability.
All right!
Ryotsu, the camera!
I can see it!
What are you doing?
It's a camera.
Higurashi can now show a
case that happens within 24 hours.
You can do that?
All right!
I wonder what's in the picture.
It's a undergarment thief!
There have been a lot of casualties in
the ship lately.
But I don't know who the culprit
is in this picture.
It's a pretty smart guy to blur
and become a shadow.
Then, in this picture...
Deya!
It's amazing that there are four pictures
in a row.
He's getting better at his skills every
year.
Huh?
Isn't that a dog?
It's a dog that barks a
lot during patrols.
All right!
Let's go!
Yes!
This house...
What is it?
It's the house with the most under
garment thefts.
It's like living in Tokyo University.
The owner of this house is a woman
called Amura.
Amura?
What's that?
Amura is a fashion fan of the
top idol Amuro.
What?
Isn't the top idol Risa Miy
azawa?
Risa has lost weight and is on
a diet.
No way...
Don't be depressed, Higurashi.
Let's go.
Why is our Taku-chan the
culprit?
You guys can't arrest the culprit, so
you're giving us a clue.
What?
What is this?
Higurashi also has a mental
power.
It's a hole.
It's a stolen undergarment.
No way...
Higurashi, you did it.
I can still feel it.
There's a camera inside.
Yes.
This time it's a bank robbery.
I remember this bank.
It's a bank in front of the
station.
Look.
The clock is also reflected.
35 minutes ago.
There are only 10 minutes left.
I don't know.
Reiko, we'll go straight to the
bank.
I'll leave this to you.
Roger.
Hurry, Nakazawa.
Yes.
Everyone, raise your hands.
Give me the money.
Welcome.
It's a gorilla.
What's a gorilla?
You bastard.
Senpai.
Damn it.
You're in my way.
I'll kill you.
What?
Now.
It's a bank.
Higurashi, put on the bank.
It's time to run away.
Let's go.
Everyone did well.
But Mr. Higurashi has a
really amazing ability.
I know why I didn't get fired.
What happened to Higurashi?
He was here until now.
I'm tired.
I can't do it anymore.
If you can't do all the races,
just do the main race.
Tell me which one is the best.
What are you doing, Ryosuke?
Chief.
I was going to ask Mr. Hig
urashi to solve another case.
There are many cases.
Did you hear that?
I feel it.
Which one is the best?
You idiot.
I knew it.
What?
I was being pulled by a truck.
This is definitely Ryotsu.
It's an ominous picture.
Hey, Higurashi.
Why did you take this picture?
I don't know.
I just took it.
It's not a sudden death.
You might be saved by a traffic jam.
I didn't follow him.
I was being pulled by a truck.
Ryotsu.
Don't worry.
There is a mistake.
My ability is perfect.
I have confidence.
But I'm afraid I'm going to
lose a few hundred million yen.
Are you encouraging me?
Are you bragging?
Which one is it?
I will never believe it.
You look pale.
I'm not kidding.
Higurashi.
As far as I can see the picture,
it's outside.
I'm relieved if I don't go
out for 24 hours.
Shut up.
I'm afraid of the traffic
jam.
Can you do it?
I will never believe it.
Senpai.
Ryotsu.
Don't do it.
Shut up.
Don't worry about me.
I told you it's dangerous to go
out.
Senpai.
Ryotsu.
Are you okay?
It hurts.
In other words, this picture is the moment
when you hit the truck that stopped by
yourself.
Hey, Higurashi.
You should sleep for a million years.
Don't wake up anymore.
You idiot.
I'll do that.
Before that, boss.
It's the usual ritual.
Reiko.
10 Tenzon.
10 Unadon.
20 Yakiniku.
10 Sushi.
Order 10 servings.
What?
Here you are.
Take them to the back room.
Yes.
You have a great appetite.
I've been sleeping for four years, so
I'm eating.
It's like a bear before it goes
into hibernation.
Stop it.
But...
How can you be so fat?
It's like a different person.
Well, see you in four years.
Shut up.
Go home and sleep.
See you.
See you tomorrow.
Good night.
When we meet next time, it will be
the 2000th anniversary.
I can't wait for the next Olympics.
I'm not kidding.
I'll be the one who's going
to wake you up.
That's a good idea.
Do you know the Kachidoki
Bridge?
When a big ship comes, the bridge breaks
in half and goes up.
Unfortunately, it's not open now.
But this Kachidoki Bridge has
memories of my childhood.
Next time, on Kachidoki Bridge,
I'm looking forward to it.
Please subscribe to the channel.